{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28300\viewh14860\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \'93Support for Squirrel Hunter Diaries**\
\
-This app is intended for Squirrel Hunters  of all sorts to have the luxury of a full Squirrel Hunter Log in their pocket with the ability to create dog profiles and have a multi dog stop watch.\
-The app is for people that want to take their hunting Logs to a whole new level. With the ability to track number of squirrels treed, missed squirrels, den trees, couldn\'92t find, weather, Temperature and more.\
\
\
\
\
Directions.\
1. Create a new dog profile or multiple. Very self explanatory going through the dog profile creation.\
2. Add a profile picture of your dog.\
3. When you are ready to hunt, go to the New hunt tab and log some or all of the data as you see fit.\
4. Check out and edit your list of dogs when you want to , or delete them. Hold to delete. Click to edit.\
5. Navigate to the More tab and select Past Entries. Here you can see a list of logged hunts. If you click a hunt you see the logged data of the hunt and edit its information. You can also delete journals which will then be updated on your statistics page. \
6. Also on the More tab you have access to other items. If you select Dog Performance stats, you see a running total of the dog\'92s entire statistics from day one until now. Here you can also see the leader boards for your dogs.\
7. You also have access to a multiple dog stop watch so you can input the name of each competition dog in the cast and time their strike and trees.\
Any questions please feel free to email wesleypingleton@gmail.com.\
\
\
Thank you for using Squirrel Hunter Diaries for iOS.\
\
\'93TREE MY DOG\'94\
\
SINCERELY,\
WES}