{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28300\viewh14860\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \'93Support for Coon Hunter Diaries**\
\
-This app is intended for Coon Hunters  of all sorts to have the luxury of a full Coon Hunter Log in their pocket with the ability to create dog profiles and navigate with GPS technology while hunting. \
-The app is for people that want to take their hunting Logs to a whole new level. With the ability to track number of coons treed, missed coons, den trees, couldn\'92t find, weather, Temps, Phases of the moon and more.\
-Users can also use this app to share their locations with themselves and use Apple\'92s incredible GPS technology to locate their truck or pin a tree to send to a friend. \
\
\
\
Directions.\
1. Create a new dog profile or multiple. Very self explanatory going through the questions.\
2. Add a profile picture of your dog.\
3. When you are ready to hunt, go to the New hunt tab and log some or all of the data as you see fit.\
4. Check out and edit your list of dogs when you want to , or delete them. Hold to delete. Click to edit.\
5. Navigate to the More tab and select Journal. Here you can see a list of logged hunts. If you click a hunt you see the logged data of the hunt. If you choose statistics, you see a running total of the dog\'92s entire statistics from day one until now. You can also delete journals which will then updated your statistics page. \
6. Also on the More tab you have access to the iOS map. You can drop a pin for a truck, person, tree, or for help. You can select this dropped pin and discover how many feet/miles you are currently from the dropped pin. You can drop multiple pins. You can delete pins. You can select and share the pin via text message. If you really want to get a great satellite view, then send the coordinates to yourself via text and then let the iOS framework do the rest.\
7. Oh yea, you have a compass at the top of the map view. Wherever the front of your phone is facing, the cardinal direction that it is point towards will be shown. Remember, this GPS is not really meant to be used while driving as it will have trouble keeping you updated. If you go slow it\'92s fine, but highway Miles per hour speeds can cause an issue. The GPS does require some minimum cellular service to work and may not work well inside buildings.\
\
Any questions please feel free to email wesleypingleton@gmail.com.\
\
\
Thank you for using the Coon Hunting Diaries for iOS.\
\
\'93TREE MY DOG\'94\
\
SINCERELY,\
WES}